Bio: Sehktsi is an ancient Nevadoian who has roamed the land as a merchant/thief and a genie granting monkey-paw like wishes. 
She is a purple snake lady with red and yellow eyes and sharp teeth. She also has a fat tail with a gold rattle at the end of it. Her hands are 
wrapped like a mummy and she wears a Pharaoh headdress and Egyptian looking garb.

Her speech is fast and insane, like a valley girl. It is heavily implied that she is in love with Bumbuh. She also has a dark past 
and her stories tell of her screwing over innocent desert-goers and taking their lives. She is trying to impress Bumbuh (a fellow god)
but gets awkward when she sees her advances have no effect.

This is also a strange shopkeep. She is an unkillable NPC but the more you punch her, the more "excited" she gets and gives you health. She takes your punch away from you
though, so be sure you have a lot. 

Dialogue:
"Wow ok you are like THE great god Bumbuh. Shut. Up. Look at you! Let...let me tell you. Cave paintings simply do NOT do that figure justice. mmm
Oh gosh"

"Sorry sweetie, it slipped (suggestively mentioned) my silly little mind that you probably like...have NO idea who I am. I am Sssssehktsi. 
You know sweetie like Sex See, see? Ooh you are just so MMM"

"I'm a bit of a...oh whats the word. Like, genie right? The real deal. Djinn status. No nose wrinkling here! Oh tch you might not get that."

"My wares aren't for you darling. They're for certain...unlucky skeleton traps. Oh teehee I call them that because around me they are just DYING to reveal
their true form! Oh aren't you a doll. A true adonis! Such radiance!"

"Like you wouldn't believe my temple. I'm sure yours is like, super great, but like mine had weekly supply of sacrifices and like, I have never gone hungry. 
Do you like my figure Bumbuh? I eat LITERALLY whatever I want and like, goes right where it's supposed to. Oh tch if you were a girl you'd HATE me! I'd have
to bite that pretty little neck. You'd like that?"

"Oh Mr. B darling you look like youve killed many a man. Oh do tell! I can only assume you bathe in the blood of your enemies! I prefer to not get my hands dirty. 
Usually I have my slaves toss my food into my mouth. Sometimes I run out so they jump in themselves! Not that they have a choice teehee"

"Don't believe what these sand licking rubes tell you dear. I only grant their wishes as they ask them!"

"Big Bad Wolf said he wished he was the hottest guy in the world. Don't worry Bumbuh, Sehktsi knows youre not from here. Besides, Mr. Wolfy got his little wish, but 
how long it lasts is...well thats for Mr. Sun to decide!"

"Oh wittle Drillionaire wished for a million diamonds. Too bad he made an ASS of himself crashing his FREAKING plane into my nude beach oasis. MAKES ME SO...
Bumbuh dear, the things we could've done. I'm getting so...so...riled up thinking about it!"

